Upgrade to HDS 2.13.0 (#23580)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/23580.txt

```release-note:bug

> ui: Fix namespace picker and console when in collapsed navbar view.

Reviewer: I'd maybe mention upgrading HDS here to fix sidebar navigation issues when collapsed

> ui: Fix namespace picker and console when in collapsed navbar view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ui: Upgrade HDS version to fix sidebar navigation issues when collapsed in smaller viewports
```

> ui: Upgrade HDS version to fix sidebar navigation issues when it collapses in smaller viewports.

Reviewer: Do changelogs normally include periods? 🙃 I didn't think so
